and that's what chivas is for, I think we have
to continue on this good path
relax and obviously seek to be what
taller than you can worry about how
we have done it during the tournament
us for doing things well for
keep this same line and therefore not
lower my arms I think we've seen a
boy is getting better looser more
compact in the three lines I think that
very complete and that is what we are
hanging the coaching staff I think not
there is no need to move forward to live
present and be in day to day and it is
step by step we know that we can
achieve that and with that same form of
think about the percentage part we are
he is still wanting to add wanting
win the games just for that
for that cause and good in parallel it
gives the part to focus on the group
and focus on other things but we have the
first priority of permanence a
party that leads 20 is not easy
they also bring a situation the
inertia that would like to reverse the but
our approach is good for strengthening
this stadium is this house and win
all the games
that convictions can be if
win but well we know there is a
rival in front who will also look
look to yours and we'll go
crumbling the match over on the
March that pleased not grateful with a
day that a family with a few
teammates with the club and with
the people of selections not so much minor
as how is the greatest and the age that very
excited very happy and to continue
working not to continue
harvesting things in the future the truth
that we are close I mentioned it from the
principle not the team was coming up
and I think that winning on Sunday that's not
is already heading to think about other things not
be more focused on what comes next
liguilla and we know that we have a
close tournament strong not against
teams that are also fighting there
the upper parts of the table
So that good one is still a good
parameter for us